Add monocular settings doc for the app (#717)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/data-collection/gaze-mode/index.md

Reviewer: @mikelgg93 the version in prod is 2.8.34 (2.8.33 was staging)

Author: Updated, I wrote that before the release, I though it would carry the same numbering.

# Gaze Mode

> In the Neon Companion App, you can select between Binocular (default) or Monocular (left or right) gaze modes. Binocular mode captures gaze data from both eyes, and is recommended for most users. Monocular mode generates gaze data from a single eye (left or right, as chosen by the user), and is advisable only for those who specifically need it.

Reviewer 2: I iterated a bit on the paragraph. Feel free to iterate further!

```suggestion
You can configure Neon to generate binocular or monocular gaze data by changing the `Gaze Mode` in the Neon Companion app settings.

In `Binocular` mode, gaze data is generated based on images of both the left and right eye. This is the default mode and it is recommended for most users.

Some applications, e.g. some medical ones, require gaze data that is generated only based on data of one the eyes though. This can be achieved by switching to a `Monocular` gaze mode. `Monocular Left` will generate gaze data using only images of the left eye, and `Monocular Right` will only use images of the right eye.
```

> ## Changing Gaze Modes

Reviewer 2: This feels to short for a section and the fact that you have to re-pug the hardware is kinda important.

Suggestions: Put "After selecting a new gaze mode, be sure to unplug and re-plug the Neon device." into an info box.

You can switch between gaze modes in the Companion App settings. After selecting a new gaze mode, be sure to unplug and re-plug the Neon device.

## Considerations When Switching to Monocular Gaze

> - Switching to Monocular gaze mode alters the existing gaze stream without creating an additional one. This means that all downstream processes, including fixations and enrichments, will utilise this monocular gaze data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a monocular gaze mode is selected, no binocular gaze signal will be generated. This means all downstream data, including fixations and enrichment data, will be based on monocular gaze data.
```

> - [Eye State](/data-collection/data-streams/#_3d-eye-states) and [Pupillometry](/data-collection/data-streams/#pupil-diameters) are unaffected by changes to the gaze mode and will continue to measure data for both eyes as usual.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Eye State](/data-collection/data-streams/#_3d-eye-states) and [Pupillometry](/data-collection/data-streams/#pupil-diameters) are unaffected by the gaze mode configuration and will always be generated using images from **both** eyes.
```

> - Pupil Cloud will **not** re-process recordings at 200 Hz as with default binocular recordings. Only real-time recorded monocular gaze will be saved for processing with enrichments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a monocular gaze mode is selected, Pupil Cloud will **not** re-process a recording to obtain a 200 Hz signal. Instead, Pupil Cloud will use the real-time signal, which may be lower than 200 Hz depending on which Companion device is used.
```

# Gaze Mode
You can configure Neon to generate binocular or monocular gaze data by changing the `Gaze Mode` in the Neon Companion app 
settings.

In `Binocular` mode, gaze data is generated using images from both the left and right eyes. This is the default setting 
and is recommended for most users.

Some specialist applications, like ophthalmic testing, require gaze data to be generated from just one eye. This can 

> be achieved by switching to `Monocular` gaze mode. `Monocular Left` generates gaze data using only images of the left 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
be achieved by switching to a `Monocular` gaze mode. `Monocular Left` generates gaze data using only images of the left 
```
